# Wall Factory Mod
Adds the Wall Factory, a support tower which places obstacles on the track, much like a spike factory, but these ones knock bloons backward, preventing them from moving past.

Full Upgrade Descriptions:
| Path | Tier 1 | Tier 2 | Tier 3 | Tier 4 | Tier 5 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Path 1: Damage | Spiky Walls | Self Destruct | Flame Ward | Elastic Deformation | Pillars of Justice |
| Path 2: Capacity | Faster Production | Rebound | Durable Alloys | Energy Shield | True Area Denial System |
| Path 3: Moabs | Thicker Walls | Heavier Walls | Wider Walls | Taller Walls | The Great Wall |

Notes on design:
This is a modded tower, and as such will never be as balanced as official game content. That said, I did put a lot of thinking into designing this tower in such a way that it integrates well into the rest of the game. Here are my thoughts on the tower: (warning: intense nerdiness incoming)

I thought about making the base tower deal no damage at all, however, since that would undoubtedly open up some cheaty infinite-stalling strategies, I decided to give it damage. As a result, the base tower is much stronger than a base spike factory, so I made it more expensive, and gave it some disadvantages for uniqueness like slow deploy rate and tiny range. It is still an incredibly leak-catching tower to have early game, and since it allows bloons to pool up in front of it, it creates some nice synergies with otherwise clumsy AOE towers like top path bomb, which I'm quite pleased with.

Path 1 is themed around improving the offensive capabilities of the walls, and is an all-round powerhouse at tier 3, dealing heavy damage to all bloon types and tearing through mid-game for a cheap cost compared to other mid-game towers like plasma accelerator. To balance this, it has an awkward change in function at tier 4, which provides almost no benefit except against fortified towers and Ddts, turning it into a specialist tower like shattering shells. The purpose of the wall factory's de-fortify is different from the mortar's however, since while it cannot consistently de-fortify everything that passes by it (since the walls will get destroyed too quickly), it can de-fortify ZOMGs, and even the BAD, making it a must buy for late-game alternate bloon rounds. The tier 5 returns to all out dps, much like bottom path mortar, justifying it's hefty price with the fact that it can absolutely shred almost every round besides 100. Its dps depends on many bloons triggering the lasers at once, so you'll still need to look elsewhere for BAD damage. As far as crosspathing, generally the bottom crosspath is the best choice, however opting for faster production synergizes with the tier 2 as it'll create more explosions, and being able to repel ceramic bloons can actually be detrimental in some cases since more of the fire from the tier 3 will end up missing bloons entirely. The top crosspath itself is the most expensive and probably the worst to pair with either other path, but offers the best power increase for low tier factories.

Path 2 is themed around the most basic virtue of this tower, being able to hold a large number of bloons in place without dealing that much damage directly. The tower itself is not that powerful without the ability, but the energy shield can be an incredibly effective tool if used correctly, basically providing absolute immunity against small bloons for the duration of the ability while also acting as a localized bloon sabotage against Moabs. Use the ability as a panic button when a surge of bloons is too much for just the walls to handle. Beware however, for regen bloons are the bane of this tower. The tier 5 is just a boosted version of the tier 4, but still very worth buying (unlike some middle path T5's, I'm looking at you Grand Saboteur) because of the incredible range increase, 50% uptime and increased potency against Moabs. The bottom crosspath is pretty much always best for this path, as the ability will not be able to repel ceramic bloons without it, but maybe I'll tweak this in the future.

Path 3 is themed around being effective against Moabs, and was the simplest to code since it basically just involved tweaking certain parameters in the knockback effect. The tier 3 greatly increases the effectiveness against weak bloons, but the eventual weakness of this path will be exactly that, since hordes of small bloons will sap the hit points of the walls much faster than a couple Moabs (although this path does feature the same mechanic as Superstorm, where hitting moabs consumes more pierce than regular bloons). The tier 4 and tier 5 basically act as gates which will let no Moabs past them as long as you diligently protect them from being overrun by small bloons. The tier 5 is even more heavily specialized to deal with Moabs only, and so in some cases it might actually be preferable to get two tier 4's instead of the tier 5. The middle crosspath certainly works best with this path, since faster production and heavier knockback means better stalling capacity.

Custom icons are all done by me. Big thanks to doombubbles, Greenphx9 and Timotheeee as I studied their code very thoroughly in order to learn what I needed to make this.
